FMWK-262 Replace AerospikeCriteria with CriteriaDefinition (#659)
aerospike/spring-data-aerospike: src/main/asciidoc/reference/template.adoc

`AerospikeTemplate` provides operations for interacting with the database (`exists`, `find`, `insert`, `update` etc.) as well as basic operations with indexes: `createIndex`, `deleteIndex`, `indexExists`.

The names of operations are typically self-descriptive.

> For reading from DB you can use `findById` or `findByIds` operations, to delete documents use `delete` methods etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To read from Aerospike you can use `findById` or `findByIds` operations, to delete use `delete` methods etc.
```
